README.md, before:

LGSO
====

### What is LGSO?

With the new arrival of Steam games to the GNU\Linux platform, came the unorganized Windows-ish file-structures of the games, which got scattered all around your hard drive without you having a clue what is actually going on.
The GNU\Linux community is not familiar with this behaviour.  
Although as users we can't do much about it, I have decided to write a simple Bash script to try and organize the game saves to a new folder - a standard I wish to set (if/when this script gets popular, GNU\Linux game developers will follow this standard and use **/usr/share/games** as their default game save files location).  
  
So essentially, LGSO takes all of your game saves and stores them in **/usr/share/games** under their names, and creates a symlink instead of the original game directories, which point to the new directory that was created in **/usr/share/games**.

##### Why /usr/share/games?
As **/usr/share** is a system-wide directory that appears on **every** GNU\Linux distribution, and **/usr** is meant to store user-made files, I have decided to use the said directory. Although, if for some reason you are **not** satisfied with the said location, you can easily edit the script and replace the location as it is set in the **SRC_FOLDER** variable.

### How to run?
Simply clone this git, and run:
> ./lgso.sh

### How to contribute?
If you have ideas regarding the improvement the code, please post a pull request.  
If you have a game save location to suggest, please use the "SAVE" tag and use the following structure:  
Name of the game:  
Platform (Steam, GOG, etc.):  
Full save location: (i.e. $HOME/game)  
For everything else, use the correct tag.

Commit message:

Updated with the new SRC_DIR location.
/usr/share/games was replaced with $HOME/.local/share/games

README.md, after:

LGSO
====

### What is LGSO?

With the new arrival of Steam games to the GNU\Linux platform, came the unorganized Windows-ish file-structures of the games, which got scattered all around your hard drive without you having a clue what is actually going on.
The GNU\Linux community is not familiar with this behaviour.  
Although as users we can't do much about it, I have decided to write a simple Bash script to try and organize the game saves to a new folder - a standard I wish to set (if/when this script gets popular, GNU\Linux game developers will follow this standard and use **$HOME/.local/share/games** as their default game save files location).  
  
So essentially, LGSO takes all of your game saves and stores them in **$HOME/.local/share/games** under their names, and creates a symlink instead of the original game directories, which point to the new directory that was created in **$HOME/.local/share/games**.

##### Why $HOME/.local/share/games?
As **$HOME/.local/share** is a system-wide directory that appears on **every** GNU\Linux distribution, I have decided to use the said directory. Although, if for some reason you are **not** satisfied with the said location, you can easily edit the script and replace the location as it is set in the **SRC_DIR** variable.

### How to run?
Simply clone this git, and run:
> ./lgso.sh

### How to contribute?
If you have ideas regarding the improvement the code, please post a pull request.  
If you have a game save location to suggest, please use the "SAVE" tag and use the following structure:  
Name of the game:  
Platform (Steam, GOG, etc.):  
Full save location: (i.e. $HOME/game)  
For everything else, use the correct tag.
